>> Estelle Weyl: So let's create some
effects on slide number 3 again,
which is actually slide number 21.
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Estelle Weyl: So show me is
the name of me, there I am.
>> Estelle Weyl: This an SVG I created for
a conference that I'm organizing.
And so it says, showMe:hover::after,
position:absolute.
>> Estelle Weyl: This,
>> Estelle Weyl: Does not work.
>> Estelle Weyl: Does anyone
know why it doesn't work?
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Estelle Weyl: It is basically
the attribute,
the data URL, it's just presented
as text and it's not interpolated.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
it's basically saying url and
the URL is actually attr(data-url).
If I did this as well, it would not work.
And let's just double check that
by going like this and hovering.
It just shows estelle.svg.
All right, cuz it's showing this,
the data-url, not the actual URL.
And if I do url,
>> Estelle Weyl: It'd be
really weird if it did work.
It does absolutely nothing
because it has no clue,
it's just that image doesn't exist.
There's no image called attr bracket
because you notice URLs don't need to be
in quotes.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
it's basically doing this.
It's searching for this URL.
>> Estelle Weyl: And
there's no image with that URL.
Does that make sense?
So if I remove this content and
says url(estelle.svg),
SVG is a completely valid image format so
it shows.
If this had been JPEG,
>> Estelle Weyl: And I had, or
JPG, and I had an image with the URL
of estelle.jpg, which I don't,
it would work, but
it does not translate this stuff.
It's as if it was quoted.
Right, cuz it's basically saying URL and
whatever is in the URL is
supposed to be an image URL.
So that's what I wanted to show there and
then it's at terrible positioning.
So I would actually do left of,
I'd say 15ms.
And then let's go back to SVG,
and then, there we are!
Okay, there I am.
Okay, yeah, so
I was organizing a conference, and
so I made SVG's of
the first five speakers.
And then the sixth speaker, so every time
you make an SVG of someone,
cuz this is the extent of my skills.
Which is you just find two
attributes that the person has that
can kind of make it
generally recognizable.
It's the fact that I
have a huge pony tail,
I just got my hair cut two weeks ago and
I hadn't gotten it cut in two years.
So it's like this big mop behind my head.
And I have almost no forehead,
so I did that little drop and so
that's why it looks like me.
So everyone I did had
this characteristic so
you can kind of say, I know who that is.
And I had one speaker and it was just,
a short white guy with a beard, and
I'm like he doesn't always
wear the same shirt.
I had one white guy and
he always wear blue checkered shirts, and
he has big blue eyes.
So it's blue eyes and the checkered shirt,
you knew it was him but
just you can't do short.
So anyway, I couldn't invite
any more speakers until I
figured out-
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Estelle Weyl: How to take
care of the issue.
So we have switched to images now, okay.